Yeah. Your importance. You're something. You're Katie Command, But this
you should be with the people in charge. So how should your relationship
with your reporting? What about that? That is because day in,
day out, you're gonna see that. You see that 40 quarters you can see
is a meal hours in the wardroom. You can see it at the colors, that
same standing watch, general quarters. So you have to have a professional
yourself. It has to be a professional relationship with a good
relationship with. But you can come in and say so my need to talk
to you. I have a situation that I have not experienced. And I get so
us you want to be able, you'll know that you have a good relationship
with your reporting seen here. When it gets to that time were you
understand? You can knock on the door and ask you a question. You
don't wanna be going in there all the time. And you're wasting time.
No senior officers gonna say you're wasting time. They want you to
be self reliant, but your self reliant to the point where you could
finally go knock on the door. Say, have you experienced this? I'm just
trying. Just want your advice to look at that